Fix/some broken links (#225)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0018.md

<li>Make sure that the RichEdit addin is installed in Keyman Configuration.  If it is not installed, then you should re-run the Keyman Installer and select the RichEdit addin for installation.</li>

> <li>Download the following setup program and run it:<br />inst_km_yim.exe (81KB)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>inst_km_yim.exe is no longer available for download.</li>
```
